enh(operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent) : added natives checks cma-health and services CTOR-1413 (#4107)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md

|:--------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Certificates  | OS-Windows-Certificates-Centreon-Monitoring-Agent-custom | Check the local certificates.                                                                                                                                 |
| CPU-detailed  | OS-Windows-CPU-detailed-Centreon-Monitoring-Agent-custom | Check the detailed rate of utilization of CPUs for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPUs |

> | Eventlog      | OS-Windows-Eventlog-Centreon-Monitoring-Agent-custom     | Check event log errors                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Eventlog-Nscp      | OS-Windows-Eventlog-Nscp-Centreon-Monitoring-Agent-custom     | Check event log errors, in the manner of NSClient++                                                                                                                                        |
```

| certificate#certificate.expires.days | d     |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="CMA-Health" label="CMA-Health">

| Metric   | Unit |
|:---------|:-----|
| runtime  | s    |
| interval | s    |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="CPU" label="CPU">

| Metric                                       | Unit |
|:---------------------------------------------|:-----|
| *core_index*#core.cpu.utilization.percentage | %    |
| user#cpu.utilization.percentage              | %    |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="CPU-detailed" label="CPU-detailed">

| Metric                                                      | Unit |
|:------------------------------------------------------------|:-----|
| *core_index*\~user#core.cpu.utilization.percentage          | %    |
| user#cpu.utilization.percentage                             | %    |
 | *core_index*\~system#core.cpu.utilization.percentage        | %    |
 | *core_index*\~idle#core.cpu.utilization.percentage          | %    |
 | *core_index*\~interrupt#core.cpu.utilization.percentage     | %    |
 | *core_index*\~dpc_interrupt#core.cpu.utilization.percentage | %    |
 | *core_index*\~used#core.cpu.utilization.percentage          | %    |

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="Eventlog" label="Eventlog">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="Eventlog-Nscp" label="Eventlog-Nscp">
```

| CRITICALAVERAGE       | Threshold for critical status on average usage in percentage        |               |           |
| WARNINGCOREUSER       | Threshold for warning status on core user usage in percentage       |               |           |
| CRITICALCOREUSER      | Threshold for critical status on core user usage in percentage      |               |           |
| WARNINGAVERAGEUSER    | Threshold for warning status on average user usage in percentage    |               |           |
| CRITICALAVERAGEUSER   | Threshold for critical status on average user usage in percentage   |               |           |
| WARNINGCORESYSTEM     | Threshold for warning status on core system usage in percentage     |               |           |
| CRITICALCORESYSTEM    | Threshold for critical status on core system usage in percentage    |               |           |
| WARNINGAVERAGESYSTEM  | Threshold for warning status on average system usage in percentage  |               |           |
| CRITICALAVERAGESYSTEM | Threshold for critical status on average system usage in percentage |               |           |

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="Eventlog" label="Eventlog">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="Eventlog-Nscp" label="Eventlog-Nscp">
```

| CRITICALSTATUS    | Filter to apply on event log to get critical events                                                                                                           | level in ('error', 'critical')                              |             |
| WARNINGCOUNT      | Number of warning events to trigger a warning                                                                                                                 | 1                                                           |             |
| CRITICALCOUNT     | Number of critical events to trigger a critical                                                                                                               | 1                                                           |             |
| EMPTYSTATE        | Message to display when no event is found                                                                                                                     | Empty or no match for this filter                           |             |

> | OUTPUTSYNTAX      | Output format when status is not ok                                                                                                                           | {status}: {count} {problem_list                             |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OUTPUTSYNTAX      | Output format when status is not ok                                                                                                                           | \{status\}: \{count\} \{problem_list\}                             |             |
```

> | OKSYNTAX          | Output format when status is ok                                                                                                                               | {status}: Event log seems fine                              |             |
> | EVENTDETAILSYNTAX | Output format for each event                                                                                                                                  | '{source} {id}'                                             |             |
> | UNIQUEINDEX       | Unique index for events, events are grouped by this index. For example is two events have the same provider and the same id, only latest is printed to output | {provider}{id}                                              |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OKSYNTAX          | Output format when status is ok                                                                                                                               | \{status\}: Event log seems fine                              |             |
| EVENTDETAILSYNTAX | Output format for each event                                                                                                                                  | '\{source\} \{id\}'                                             |             |
| UNIQUEINDEX       | Unique index for events, events are grouped by this index. For example is two events have the same provider and the same id, only latest is printed to output | \{provider\}\{id\}                                              |             |
```

| WARNINGSTATE         | Regex to match service state that will trigger a warning. States are (stopped, starting, stopping, running, continuing, pausing, paused)  |                   |             |
| CRITICALSTATE        | Regex to match service state that will trigger a critical. States are (stopped, starting, stopping, running, continuing, pausing, paused) |                   |             |
| WARNINGTOTALRUNNING  | Running service number threshold below which the service will pass in the warning state                                                   |                   |             |
| CRITICALTOTALRUNNING | Running service number threshold below which the service will pass in the critical state                                                  |                   |             |
| WARNINGTOTALPAUSED   | Number of services in the pause state above which the service goes into the warning state                                                 |                   |             |
| CRITICALTOTALPAUSED  | Number of services in the pause state above which the service goes into the critical state                                                |                   |             |

> | WARNINGTOTALSTOPPED  | Number of services in the stop state above which the service goes into the warning state                                                  |                   |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| WARNINGTOTALSTOPPED  | Number of services in a stopped state above which the service takes on a warning status                                                   |                   |             |
```

> | CRITICALTOTALSTOPPED | Nmber of services in the stop state above which the service goes into the critical state                                                  |                   |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CRITICALTOTALSTOPPED | Number of services in a stopped state above which the service takes on a critical status                                                 |                   |             |
```

| WARNINGSTATE         | Regex to match service state that will trigger a warning. States are (stopped, starting, stopping, running, continuing, pausing, paused)  |                   |             |
| CRITICALSTATE        | Regex to match service state that will trigger a critical. States are (stopped, starting, stopping, running, continuing, pausing, paused) |                   |             |
| WARNINGTOTALRUNNING  | Running service number threshold below which the service will pass in the warning state                                                   |                   |             |
| CRITICALTOTALRUNNING | Running service number threshold below which the service will pass in the critical state                                                  |                   |             |
| WARNINGTOTALPAUSED   | Number of services in the pause state above which the service goes into the warning state                                                 |                   |             |
| CRITICALTOTALPAUSED  | Number of services in the pause state above which the service goes into the critical state                                                |                   |             |

> | WARNINGTOTALSTOPPED  | Number of services in the stop state above which the service goes into the warning state                                                  |                   |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| WARNINGTOTALSTOPPED  | Number of services in a stopped state above which the service takes on a warning status                                                  |                   |             |
```

> | CRITICALTOTALSTOPPED | Nmber of services in the stop state above which the service goes into the critical state                                                  |                   |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CRITICALTOTALSTOPPED | Number of services in a stopped state above which the service takes on a critical status                                                  |                   |             |
```
